This follower, you can say whether to pay or not.
I said I didn't break it.
I don't toast, eat, drink, pay, right?
Hold him down
Impress his compensation
If you dare to move, I promise you will regret it
You'd better think about it first
Store manager, don't listen to him
Break his leg
We don't tell Master Xiong that we are already kind to him
Dear, don't tell Master Xiong.
So I told him.
Hello Master Bear, I want to buy this jewelry store.
What's wrong with this why
No reason to hurry up
Hahaha, are you mentally normal?
Acquire our store
You really think of yourself as a green onion, haha.
So funny, did you wake up? Haha.
Looks like a lunatic
Hurry up and get an injection, it's alright
Don't affect the business in the store.
Yes yes stop
Boss boss
What are you doing?
You boss
He broke everything in our store
A ruby necklace worth $10 million
The queen is still cheating and does not want to pay
We're going to teach him a lesson.
You are the boss.
Just in time
The acquisition thing
Got it, brat
In front of the boss, I still want to find the boss to fight
shut up
boss